# drones_project_yolov4_nn

Abstract:

This project takes a step in developing a system for locating and tracking hostile drones, which penetrate an urban environment, in order to intercept them and thwart the threat. The system performs the monitoring and scanning of the area by patrol drones that aim to photograph the ground. The information that collected on the drones must be processed, and the options for this are to process at the ground station or on the drones. The raw information is in the form of an image and therefore the transmission time of the information is very long, but even performing image processing on a card attached to the drone does not meet the time requirements. To solve this problem, a neural network was chosen to learn to identify drones in this environment, the network will perform the identification very quickly and provide the location of the drones using coordinates, which will be easy to transmit to the ground very quickly. In the preliminary project, we created a large and diverse database, which will allow the network to train various flight characteristics of drones flying in an urban environment. In the current project, the computing power of the system is poor, and the system has limited power, so the choice of network should be accordingly. We chose to use a Single Shot Detector (SSD) network that is suitable for working on low power systems and provides good performance in terms of detection and processing time. We have trained the selected network in several different sizes (input size to the network), which allows for optimal results by choosing the architecture that brings the best performance, both in terms of accuracy and in terms of calculation time. Of course, the large network has an advantage in identification over the small one, but the disadvantage is in the processing time. In addition, we practiced many parameters until a high percentage of drone detection was obtained in the test videos. Finally, we integrated the trained network to the NVIDIA Jetson TX2 card selected for use in this project to be on the drone during operation, and in addition we bound the output produced in an orderly manner for communication with the control center.

Results:

https://technionmail-my.sharepoint.com/:f:/r/personal/stavyeger_campus_technion_ac_il/Documents/Drone_Detection_Project/matlab_files/Update_4_Apr_2020/test_videos/test_videos/results?csf=1&web=1&e=ewwLT5
